fix(docs): Add better messaging on how to add new words to the dictionary for spell-check (#25275)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/gatsby-style-guide.md

Also, there's a community of contributors to support you. Bounce ideas off of them and ask for input on your writing in the
[Gatsby Discord](https://gatsby.dev/discord) and in the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby).

### Use the linter

Gatsby uses [`remark-lint`](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-lint) and [`retext`](https://github.com/retextjs/retext) in order to check for common spelling, grammar, and formatting errors, including several of the suggestions in this guide. You can run the linter by typing the following on the command line:

```shell
yarn lint:docs
```

#### Updating the dictionary

We use [`retext-spell`](https://github.com/retextjs/retext-spell) for spell checking the docs. Since the linter doesn't know about proper nouns, such as individual names or brand names, it may list these as errors:

```text
83:34-83:40  warning  `retext` is misspelt; did you mean `pretext`, `retest`?  retext                      retext-spell
```

> You can add these words to the dictionary with the following command:

Reviewer: here i would add a hint to check at first the code fences. 

something like this (but it needs better wording):

```markdown
At first check if these words are are variables, component names, 
function names, and packages, then you can put them in 
code fences (see [Code formatting: Inline code](...)). 
Otherwise you can add the remaining words to the dictionary with the following command:
```

Reviewer: and also to check the brand names before checking, otherwise wrong spelled brand names get into the dictionary...

```shell
yarn update-dictionary
```

> This will all new words to our personal dictionary, `dictionary.txt`. Commit this file along with the written docs, and be sure that actual misspellings aren't included.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will add all new words to the collective Gatsby dictionary, `dictionary.txt`. Commit this file along with the written docs, and be sure that actual misspellings aren't included.
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is just about good to go. This single "suggestion" is both a fix for a missing word and an actual suggestion. Feel free to riff on the latter.
